= emotion reviews

Product review application that uses human emotions instead of arbitrary ratings.

This is a proof-of-concept application which currently runs at https://emotion-reviews.herokuapp.com/

== Contributing

If you like the idea and would like to add features, please contact me or just send pull reuests.

If you would like to help with the UI, you're very welcome.

== Features

* Basic CRUD operations for products
* Ability to add and delete reviews
* Authentication and authorization (admin and regular users)

== Todo list

* UI work
* Some basic user right management (currently on rails console)
* Ability to change and configure emotion scales
* Ability to search products based on text and emotions
* Company model to have many products
* Views for showing users stats and reviews

== Usage and Technologies Used

Project uses Ruby +2.1.4+ and Rails +4.1.6+.

Additional Ruby gems used are +devise+ for authentication , +cancancan+ for authorization and +acts-as-taggable-on+ for labeling the emotions.

Default database is PostgreSQL (for Heroku deployment).

First make sure your PostgreSQL database is up and configured properly. Then create the application database with <tt>rake db:setup</tt>.

To start the web server use <tt>rails server</tt>.

At the moment all the users are regular users by default. To promote the user to an admin role use <tt>rails console</tt> and update the users +admin+ parameter to +true+.

Heroku deployment can be done with Heroku standard process documented at https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/getting-started-with-rails4

Unit tests are missing because this is a quick hack.

== License

Copyright (C) 2014 Teemu Frisk, distributed under the MIT license.

